README.md, before:

TGNS
====

Welcome to the [TGNS open-source mods repository][repoannouncethread]. TGNS is [TacticalGamer.com][tg]'s well-known Natural Selection community. This repository houses most of the mods they use on their NS2 server, many of which are built atop xToken's [DAK Admin Kit][dak].

Some of the more unique customizations on [the TGNS game server][tgns] include:
  
__Captains__: Start a Captains Game, like a pickup game/gather/dodgeball, wherein teams are picked one at a time by appointed team captains

__WinOrLose__: The losing team can put down their weapons to force a must-end-the-game timer on the winning team

__TagLines__: Players can set text announcements when they join the server

__RookieThrottle__: Keeps the number of concurrent rookies low, so regulars can most effectively help them learn the game

Other offerings include: Admin Chat, distributing rookies to both teams during team random operations, admin notifications of player mutes, and more. Tactical Gamer's [Natural Selection - Tactics and Mod Discussions][modforum] forum welcomes "discussion about Natural Selection tactics, maps, and mods," and community members may request server mod changes there.

[Connect to TGNS via Steam][connect] right away to find out what you're missing!

[modforum]: http://www.tacticalgamer.com/natural-selection-tactics-mod-discussions/
[tgns]: http://www.tacticalgamer.com/natural-selection-general-discussion/189377-tacticalgamer-com-natural-selection-2-server-online.html
[connect]: steam://run/4920//connect%2C+tgns.tacticalgamer.com:27015
[tg]: http://tacticalgamer.com
[repoannouncethread]: http://www.tacticalgamer.com/natural-selection-tactics-mod-discussions/190657-tgns-open-source-mods-repository.html
[dak]: https://github.com/xToken/DAK

Commit message:

replaced DAK reference w/ Shine reference

README.md, after:

TGNS
====

Welcome to the [TGNS open-source mods repository][repoannouncethread]. TGNS is [TacticalGamer.com][tg]'s well-known Natural Selection community. This repository houses most of the mods they use on their NS2 server, many of which are built atop Person8880's [Shine Admin Mod][shine].

Some of the more unique customizations on [the TGNS game server][tgns] include:
  
__Captains__: Start a Captains Game, like a pickup game/gather/dodgeball, wherein teams are picked one at a time by appointed team captains

__WinOrLose__: The losing team can put down their weapons to force a must-end-the-game timer on the winning team

__TagLines__: Players can set text announcements when they join the server

__RookieThrottle__: Keeps the number of concurrent rookies low, so regulars can most effectively help them learn the game

Other offerings include: Admin Chat, distributing rookies to both teams during team random operations, admin notifications of player mutes, and more. Tactical Gamer's [Natural Selection - Tactics and Mod Discussions][modforum] forum welcomes "discussion about Natural Selection tactics, maps, and mods," and community members may request server mod changes there.

[Connect to TGNS via Steam][connect] right away to find out what you're missing!

[modforum]: http://www.tacticalgamer.com/natural-selection-tactics-mod-discussions/
[tgns]: http://www.tacticalgamer.com/natural-selection-general-discussion/189377-tacticalgamer-com-natural-selection-2-server-online.html
[connect]: steam://run/4920//connect%2C+tgns.tacticalgamer.com:27015
[tg]: http://tacticalgamer.com
[repoannouncethread]: http://www.tacticalgamer.com/natural-selection-tactics-mod-discussions/190657-tgns-open-source-mods-repository.html
[shine]: https://github.com/Person8880/Shine
